c:\users\leva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FuzzyMatching\FuzzyMatching\bin\Debug\FuzzyMatching.exe.config
c:\users\leva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FuzzyMatching\FuzzyMatching\bin\Debug\FuzzyMatching.exe
c:\users\leva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FuzzyMatching\FuzzyMatching\bin\Debug\FuzzyMatching.pdb
c:\users\leva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FuzzyMatching\FuzzyMatching\obj\Debug\FuzzyMatching.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\leva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FuzzyMatching\FuzzyMatching\obj\Debug\FuzzyMatching.exe
c:\users\leva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FuzzyMatching\FuzzyMatching\obj\Debug\FuzzyMatching.pdb
c:\users\leva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FuzzyMatching\FuzzyMatching\bin\Debug\LinuxKernel.xml
c:\users\leva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FuzzyMatching\FuzzyMatching\bin\Debug\LemmaSharp.dll
c:\users\leva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FuzzyMatching\FuzzyMatching\bin\Debug\LemmaSharpPrebuilt.dll
c:\users\leva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FuzzyMatching\FuzzyMatching\bin\Debug\LemmaSharpPrebuiltCompact.dll
c:\users\leva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FuzzyMatching\FuzzyMatching\bin\Debug\Lzma#.dll
c:\users\leva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FuzzyMatching\FuzzyMatching\bin\Debug\LemmaSharpPrebuilt.pdb
c:\users\leva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FuzzyMatching\FuzzyMatching\bin\Debug\LemmaSharpPrebuiltCompact.pdb
c:\users\leva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FuzzyMatching\FuzzyMatching\bin\Debug\LemmaSharp.pdb
c:\users\leva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FuzzyMatching\FuzzyMatching\bin\Debug\StemmersNet.dll
C:\Users\Leva\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FuzzyRepetitions\FuzzyMatching\bin\Debug\FuzzyMatching.exe.config
C:\Users\Leva\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FuzzyRepetitions\FuzzyMatching\obj\Debug\FuzzyMatching.exe
C:\Users\Leva\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FuzzyRepetitions\FuzzyMatching\obj\Debug\FuzzyMatching.pdb
C:\Users\Leva\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FuzzyRepetitions\FuzzyMatching\bin\Debug\LinuxKernel.xml
C:\Users\Leva\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FuzzyRepetitions\FuzzyMatching\bin\Debug\FuzzyMatching.exe
C:\Users\Leva\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FuzzyRepetitions\FuzzyMatching\bin\Debug\FuzzyMatching.pdb
C:\Users\Leva\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FuzzyRepetitions\FuzzyMatching\bin\Debug\LemmaSharp.dll
C:\Users\Leva\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FuzzyRepetitions\FuzzyMatching\bin\Debug\LemmaSharpPrebuilt.dll
C:\Users\Leva\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FuzzyRepetitions\FuzzyMatching\bin\Debug\LemmaSharpPrebuiltCompact.dll
C:\Users\Leva\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FuzzyRepetitions\FuzzyMatching\bin\Debug\Lzma#.dll
C:\Users\Leva\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FuzzyRepetitions\FuzzyMatching\bin\Debug\StemmersNet.dll
C:\Users\Leva\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FuzzyRepetitions\FuzzyMatching\bin\Debug\LemmaSharpPrebuilt.pdb
C:\Users\Leva\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FuzzyRepetitions\FuzzyMatching\bin\Debug\LemmaSharpPrebuiltCompact.pdb
C:\Users\Leva\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FuzzyRepetitions\FuzzyMatching\bin\Debug\LemmaSharp.pdb
C:\Users\Leva\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FuzzyRepetitions\FuzzyMatching\obj\Debug\FuzzyMatching.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
